updated the "Assigning permissions..." to new ui (#1517)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: server_admin/topics/roles-groups/proc-managing-groups.adoc

To add a group:

. Click the group.
ifeval::[{project_community}==true]
. Click *Create group*.

> . Enter a group name in the *Create Group* dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter a group name.
```

> . Click *Create*.

Reviewer: Add one more step.
. Click the group name.

.User groups
image:{project_images}/user-groups.png[]
+
ifeval::[{project_community}==true]
. Click *Join Group*.
. Select a group from the dialog.
endif::[]
ifeval::[{project_product}==true]
. Select a group from the *Available Groups* tree.
. Click *Join*.
endif::[]

To remove a group from a user:

ifeval::[{project_community}==true]

> . Click *Leave* button on the group table row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Users* in the menu.
. Click the user to be removed from the group.
. Click *Leave* on the group table row.
```
